So what kind of problems did would you expect? Division? Also department
head to deal with As an engineering officer, I can tell you that,
um, the equipment maintenance that's required we had the PMS the plant
maintenance system to make sure that all of the way we had was maintaining
that 100% of the vote. Well, it's hard to do is these shifts
get over okay, and all ships get old. That's that's the point. You
have to do a lot of care and feeding. Yes, if you you don't want
to drive your car from the Pentagon downtown. Awful. That's what's that
driving. But if you're gonna drive your car from the Pentagon, San
Diego, that's a lot of maintenance. That's a lot of fuel. Meth. Take
care of that car. You have to take care of your ship. You have to
walk around and see phase, and you can't take things for granted.
Now one of the nice things is they help you. They give you a lot of
maintenance manuals. And as the engineering officer, lead damage control
officer. You have called damage control plates for the ship so
you can look at things you can look at What is the expected output for
the evaporator Sze in my time from or to my time? We had distillers
on boil the water you boil seawater and basically make potable water.
Nowadays we have what's called Ouro Reverse osmosis two stars.
So we take water from sea water running through the filters toilet.
Often we get that. So a decision I have to make every days. Do I have
enough? Uh, Stillings typically aboard my providing enough water for
the crew. Do I have enough water for coffee and drinking? You did,
Havel that, um is the U. S. Navy itself on on having that war and
not being on what's called war in hours. You don't want to be a water
hours. That's not good. So the U. S Navy Prize itself chief engineer's
pride themselves on having ships that are 100% available, percent
maintenance and 100% of drinking water of help